# MXO 4 Tools

This repository contains software for working with the Rohde & Schwarz MXO 4 Oscilloscope. For more details, see the following link:
[MXO 4 Review](https://community.element14.com/products/roadtest/rv/roadtest_reviews/1683/rohde_schwarz_mxo_4_oscilloscope_a_review)



Note: To run the software tools, you may need to examine the source code, to edit the IP address to suit your MXO 4 IP address. Other configuration parameters are in the source files too.

To run the Python code based tools, you may need to install some packages, generally: pyvisa, plotly, numpy, pandas, matplotlib.

## audio-analyzer
This Python code can be used to perform frequency response analysis. The code can be modified if desired for non-audio frequencies.

## lora-gen
This MATLAB code can be used to generate LoRa signals for RF transmission. For now, the generated CSV file needs header content copy-pasted from any CSV waveform file generated by the MXO 4. In future the code could be easily modified to automatically add a header. The CSV file can then be uploaded to the MXO 4 for the integrated waveform generator to create the LoRa signal. Use an external mixer to up-convert to the desired LoRa transmission frequency.

## spectrum-tool
This Python code can be used to display the saved spectrum output (CSV format) from the MXO 4, to allow for post-processing. A typical example will be to overlay limit lines on the display. The code accepts JSON format files for overlaying limit lines.


